{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Single Page Apps\

\f1\b0 \
Single Page Apps (SPAs) are web applications that consist of just a single page. Instead of reloading every time a user interacts with the site (communicating with the server and taking up more bandwidth), this version of a web app processes all of the interactions immediately without reloading the page. Many major web apps today are Single Page, including Twitter, Facebook, and Gmail. \
\
These differ from a multi-page app (MPA), which consists of several pages and always needs to reload when users interact with it. SPAs are easier to debug, faster, a smoother experience for users, and simple to transition into a mobile app with the same backend code. However, MPA\'92s have better SEO (search engine optimization), although there has been progress on this front with SPAs more recently. SPAs are also much less complex to develop than MPAs. \
\
Ultimately, websites that are content-heavy and need many different categories/pages may be better suited for MPAs, while SPAs work well for all other sites. However there is now also an option for a Hybrid site - which is really a Single Page App with an option for multiple pages built in.}